Add HireFire to account list (#10)
voiio/voiio.github.io: accounts.md

We use Heroku Teams, please create an account on Heroku and ask your team lead to give you the necessary permissions.

#### HireFire

> HireFire is used incombination with Heroku for load based auto-scaling.
> Please setup an account under voiio E-Mail address and enable 2FA.
> Only after completing both step can you be added to our HireFire organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [HireFire][hirefire] in combination with Heroku for load based auto-scaling.
Please, setup an account with your voiio E-Mail address and enable "2FA".
Only after completing both steps, we can add you to our "HireFire"-organization. Please refer to your team lead for adding you to the organization.

[hirefire]: https://hirefire.io/
```
